Added an example page for setting up custom-auth-flows (#7947)
aws-amplify/docs: src/pages/[platform]/build-a-backend/auth/connect-your-frontend/switching-authentication-flows/index.mdx

  await confirmSignIn({ challengeResponse });
}
```

> To create a CUSTOM_AUTH challenge with a Lambda Trigger, please visit [AWS Amplify Custom Auth Challenge example](/[platform]/build-a-backend/functions/examples/custom-auth-flows/) for set up instructions. 
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

To create a CUSTOM_AUTH challenge with a Lambda Trigger, please visit [AWS Amplify Custom Auth Challenge example](/[platform]/build-a-backend/functions/examples/custom-auth-flows/) for setup instructions. 
```
